
Do or do not. There is no try. - Yoda
May the Force be with you. - Various
I find your lack of faith disturbing. - Darth Vader
The Force will be with you, always. - Obi-Wan Kenobi
Never tell me the odds! - Han Solo
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck. - Obi-Wan Kenobi
Your focus determines your reality. - Qui-Gon Jinn
It's a trap! - Admiral Ackbar
No, I am your father. - Darth Vader
I have a bad feeling about this. - Various
I am one with the Force; the Force is with me. - Chirrut Îmwe

Live long and prosper. - Spock
Resistance is futile. - The Borg
Make it so. - Captain Picard
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end. - Spock
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. - Spock
Things are only impossible until they're not. - Captain Picard
Infinite diversity in infinite combinations. - Vulcan Philosophy
Beam me up, Scotty. - James Tiberius Kirk
Tea, Earl Grey, hot. - Captain Picard
Engage. - Captain Picard
I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer. - Dr. McCoy
Logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. - Spock

I'm not insane, my mother had me tested. - Sheldon Cooper
That's my spot. - Sheldon Cooper
Bazinga! - Sheldon Cooper
I'm a physicist, not a hippie. - Sheldon Cooper
The need to find another human being has always puzzled me. - Sheldon

I don't want to conquer anything. I just think the guy with the most freedom in this ocean is the Pirate King! - Monkey D. Luffy
When do you think people die? When they are shot? No. When they eat a poisonous mushroom? No! It's when they're forgotten! - Dr. Hiluluk
Power isn't determined by your size, but the size of your heart and dreams! - Monkey D. Luffy
If you don't take risks, you can't create a future. - Monkey D. Luffy
I'm not gonna die, partner! - Portgas D. Ace


The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long. - Natsu Dragneel
We don't have to know what tomorrow holds! That's why we can live for everything we're worth today! - Natsu
The strongest steel is forged by the fires of hell. - Gildarts Clive
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living. - Erza Scarlet


Praise the Sun! - Solaire of Astora
Don't you dare go hollow. - Various
In the Age of Ancients, the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. - Dark Souls Intro
Bearer of the curse, seek souls, seek the king. - Dark Souls II
Ashen one, hearest thou my voice still? - Fire Keeper
Fear not the dark, my friend, and let the feast begin. - Gael
Every age, it seems, is tainted by the greed of men. - Kingseeker Frampt


If you want to write, don't pretend to write down. It's going to be the best you can do, and it's the fact that it's the best you can do that kills you. - Walter Moers
A writer who waits for ideal conditions under which to work will die without putting a word on paper. - Walter Moers
Books are ships which pass through the vast seas of time. - Walter Moers


Life's a bore if you don't challenge yourself. - Yuu Nishinoya
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Hinata Shoyo
Someone who can't see the opponent standing right in front of him, can't defeat the opponent standing right in front of him. - Tobio Kageyama
Talent is something you make bloom, instinct is something you polish. - Toru Oikawa
Being the best decoy ever is as cool as being the ace. - Hinata Shoyo


With great power comes great responsibility. - Uncle Ben
I'm gonna get medieval on your ass. - Marsellus Wallace, Pulp Fiction
That's a bingo! - Hans Landa, Inglourious Basterds
You're gonna carry that weight. - The Bride, Kill Bill
If my answers frighten you, then you should cease asking scary questions. - Jules, Pulp Fiction
I'm not a hero. I'm a high-functioning sociopath. - Django, Django Unchained


Respect my authority! - Eric Cartman
Oh my God, they killed Kenny! - Stan and Kyle
Screw you guys, I'm going home. - Eric Cartman
I learned something today... - Various characters
You're gonna have a bad time. - Ski Instructor
I'm not just sure, I'm HIV positive. - Eric Cartman


Whose leg do you have to hump to get a dry martini around here? - Brian Griffin
You know what really grinds my gears? - Peter Griffin
Victory is mine! - Stewie Griffin
Giggity giggity goo! - Glenn Quagmire
Roadhouse. - Peter Griffin


D'oh! - Homer Simpson
Eat my shorts! - Bart Simpson
Don't have a cow, man! - Bart Simpson
Excellent! - Mr. Burns
I didn't do it. - Bart Simpson
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is: never try. - Homer Simpson
To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. - Homer Simpson


I'm gonna go get drunk and watch a movie about a sad person. - Linda Belcher
Oh my God. You're the worst. - Louise Belcher
I'm not smart, but I can lift heavy things. - Bob Belcher
Everything is okay, nothing is on fire. - Bob Belcher
If you believe in yourself, you can achieve anything. Except for being a professional baseball player. - Bob Belcher

Allons-y! - The Doctor
Geronimo! - The Doctor
Wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey stuff. - The Doctor
Don't blink. - The Doctor
Run. - The Doctor
We're all stories in the end. - The Doctor
The angels have the phone box. - The Doctor
I am definitely a madman with a box. - The Doctor
Never cruel or cowardly. - The Doctor
Good men don't need rules. - The Doctor
In 900 years of time and space, I've never met anyone who wasn't important. - The Doctor
The universe is big. It's vast and complicated and ridiculous. - The Doctor
Sometimes the only choices you have are bad ones, but you still have to choose. - The Doctor

Why so serious? - The Joker, The Dark Knight
I can do this all day. - Steve Rogers, Captain America
I am Iron Man. - Tony Stark, Iron Man
Part of the journey is the end. - Tony Stark, Avengers: Endgame
Winter is coming. - House Stark, Game of Thrones
You know nothing, Jon Snow. - Ygritte, Game of Thrones
Not today. - Arya Stark, Game of Thrones
This is the way. - The Mandalorian
I have spoken. - Kuiil, The Mandalorian
I am the one who knocks. - Walter White, Breaking Bad
I am the danger. - Walter White, Breaking Bad
Some people are worth melting for. - Olaf, Frozen


Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. - Goku, Dragon Ball Z
Believe in the me that believes in you. - Kamina, Gurren Lagann
People's lives don't end when they die, it ends when they lose faith. - Itachi Uchiha, Naruto
A lesson without pain is meaningless. - Edward Elric, Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood

War never changes. - Fallout
Finish him! - Ansager, Mortal Kombat
Stay awhile and listen. - Deckard Cain, Diablo
The cake is a lie. - Portal
Would you kindly? - BioShock
It's dangerous to go alone! Take this. - Old Man, The Legend of Zelda
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee. - Wache, Skyrim

Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke

The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
What you think, you become. What you feel, you attract. What you imagine, you create. - Buddha
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
Become who you are. - Friedrich Nietzsche
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? - Epictetus
If it's humanly possible, consider it within your reach. - Marcus Aurelius
Only worry about the things you can control. - Marcus Aurelius
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. - Seneca

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
Master one thing. - Bruce Lee
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Do not give up on something you think about every day. - Winston Churchill
Start where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Outwork your excuses. - Kobe Bryant
No great thing is created suddenly. - Epictetus
Great things begin with small actions. - Lao Tzu


It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. - Confucius
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Think Big. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Except struggle, there is no progress. - Frederick Douglass
Treat failure as information. - Thomas Edison

The obstacle is the way. - Marcus Aurelius
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. - Joseph Campbell
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
No man is free from the fire by fleeing its heat; he must pass through it, or remain unchanged. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Courage is knowing what not to fear. - Plato
There is no rest for the man who has seen the person he was born to become. - Epictetus
He who has a will to strike, has not yet lost. - Miyamoto Musashi

He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Don't waste your life waiting. - Seneca
It's not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste much of it. - Seneca

We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see. - Arthur Schopenhauer

A leader leads by example, not by force. - Alexander the Great
I'm not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I'm afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion. - Alexander the Great
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. - Napoleon Bonaparte
An army marches on its stomach. - Napoleon Bonaparte
I came, I saw, I conquered. - Julius Caesar
